README.md, before:

fishPifct
=====

fishPifct is an R package combining some functions used in the fishPi project
([fishPi](<http://fishPi/link/>)).

#Installation

Windows users: you have to install this before: https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/

In a R console:

`install.packages("devtools")`

`library(devtools)`

`install_github("ldbk/fishPifct")`

If needed, COST related package (for windows) can be found here :

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTcore_1.4-0.zip

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTdbe_1.4-1.zip

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTeda_1.4.0.zip

A document :

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COST%20User%20Manual%20V1_1.pdf


#Description

This package is dedicated to the ctPi and csPi formats 
(coded during fishPi and WKRDB
meetings). 
Some functions allow the user to export COST object in the csPi format,
to export and import object in excel, etc...
These functions are coming from different sources: COSTcore package, 
Alastair Pout, Norbert Billet and Laurent Dubroca.

Help pages are generated using the roxygen syntax.

Contribute !!!

Commit message:

link to the compiled package added

README.md, after:

fishPifct
=====

fishPifct is an R package combining some functions used in the fishPi project
([fishPi](<http://fishPi/link/>)).

#Installation

You can install directly the compiled version of this package (compiled the
29/10/2015 thanks to http://win-builder.r-project.org):

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/fishPifct_0.1.zip

Or install the up-to-date version:

Windows users: you have to install this before: https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/

In a R console:

`install.packages("devtools")`

`library(devtools)`

`install_github("ldbk/fishPifct")`

If needed, COST related package (for windows) can be found here :

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTcore_1.4-0.zip

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTdbe_1.4-1.zip

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COSTeda_1.4.0.zip

A document :

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6181692/COST%20User%20Manual%20V1_1.pdf


#Description

This package is dedicated to the ctPi and csPi formats 
(coded during fishPi and WKRDB
meetings). 
Some functions allow the user to export COST object in the csPi format,
to export and import object in excel, etc...
These functions are coming from different sources: COSTcore package, 
Alastair Pout, Norbert Billet and Laurent Dubroca.

Help pages are generated using the roxygen syntax.

Contribute !!!
